the rescue team are struggling to move a
pair of orangutangs who could be killed
for disrupting the livelihoods of the
local people if they're about to start a
family it's important the couple of
rescue together and tranquilizing them
is the only way to move them safe lately
everyone's hoping that when we meet coke
darts the female it doesn't frighten her
partner off she's at least 60 feet away
and he's got to hit her arms or legs if
possible it may only be a tranquilizer
but a needle in her chest could damage
her vital organs and kill and it's good
she soon fast asleep and her partner
seems reluctant to leave which is great
news the team can clear the area and
sling a net to catch the female when she
falls but there's another problem she's
fast asleep but won't let go
if the tranquilizer wears off before she
falls she'll be off there's only one
thing for it someone's gonna have to go
up there and get her everything's
resting on Leo he'll soon be 60 feet up
a vertical trunk with no ropes and hours
from the nearest hospital
the male orangutan is also watching and
could see Leo as a rival to be chased
out of the trees the net will break in
orangutangs fall but leo could be killed
her grips so strong that shaking the
tree won't butcher leo has to climb even
higher holding on with one hand he
prizes the females fingers from the
branch one by one
yeah it looks harsh but it's vital the
team get these orangutangs out of here
the net has cushioned the fall and when
miko from the medical team moves in he
finds the reason she could have been
killed for being here